Add hirte-snapshot COPR repository description (#176)
engelmi/hirte: README.md

## How to contribute

### Testing

> RPM packages if Hirte project are available on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPM packages for the Hirte project are available on
```

Author: Fixed

[hirte-snapshot](https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/mperina/hirte-snapshot/) COPR repo. To install hirte packages
on your system please add that repo using:

```

> dnf copr enable mperina/hirte-snapshot centos-stream-9

Reviewer: We should build for more than just CS9, Fedora as well

Author: Fixed
